there's this bone sticking out over here
I'm going to cut just around it and make
a kind of pocket all around the ball
like this just feel the bone and then
cut around it and then what I've done
here as you can see I've made a little
pocket and this into this I'm going to
put some of the marinade so having done
that the last thing to do with the meat
is to cut deep slashes in it like this
they are about an inch wide and you keep
cutting till you reach the bone and
maybe make five or six on both sides of
the leg like that and then I shall leave
this aside and what I'm going to do is
make the marinade for the marinade I'm
going to use a food processor you can
use a blender but you do need some kind
of electric gadget for this I'm going to
put in some almonds these are two ounces
of ground almonds they go in and onions
these are 8 ounces of chopped onions go
in as well and garlic you can use just
as much garlic as you like really add 8
cloves of their large cloves you can use
4 and fresh ginger this is about 4 1
inch cubes of fresh ginger peeled it and
I've cut it because the reason for
cutting it is that sometimes if you have
very large pieces of ginger they stick
at the blades of the food processor and
some fresh green chilies now you can put
as much as you like I've put in four
whole fresh green chilies they've been
coarsely chopped like this you can put
in less if you want it less hot and in
all in the marinade there will be a pint
of plain yogurt out of that I'm just
going to use about three tablespoons
here
and then all you have to do is turn the
machine on and blend it
as you can see now I have a fairly
smooth paste inside and in this bowl
over here I have the remainder of the
one pint of plain yogurt that I was
going to use and what I'm going to do is
just give it a good stir so that it's
very smooth and creamy and then I'm
going to take out all this paste with
the almond and the garlic and the ginger
in it and pour it all in make sure you
get all of this good paste then there
are some other dry spices which need to
go in so I have here two tablespoons of
ground cumin four teaspoons of ground
coriander 1/2 a teaspoon of cayenne now
this will make it mildly hot if you want
the dish to be hotter you can really put
in as much k and as you like and three
and a half teaspoons of salt and 1/2 a
teaspoon of garam masala you remember we
made garam masala in an earlier program
at any rate you can buy it ready-made as
well so all that goes in now this needs
to be mixed very very thoroughly so you
take a good wooden spoon and give a stir
to the marinade now it's properly mixed
the next thing is to put the leg of lamb
into the marinade and what I'm going to
use is a glass oven proof dish you can
use a stainless steel dish as well as
long as it's large enough to hold the
whole leg of lamb